## Week Three Recap completed

### Instructions
Fork this repository. Be sure to pull the latest changes to your local repo. Answer the questions to the best of your ability.

Try to answer them with limited amount of external research. These questions cover the majority of what we've learned this week.

Note: When you're done, submit a PR with a reflection in the comments about how this exercise went for you.

### Week 3 Questions

1. What is the entry at the command line to create a new rails app?
rails new <app-name>
2. What do Models generally inherit from in rails?
  ApplicationRecord
3. What do Controllers generally inherit from in a rails project?
  ApplictionController
4. How would I create a route if I wanted to see a specific horse in my routes file assuming I'm sticking to standard conventions and that I didn't want other CRUD functionality?
  resources :horses, only: [:show]
5. What rake task is useful when looking at routes, and what information does it give you?
  rails s.  it gives you the current routs available to your application
6. What is an example of a route helper? When would you use them?
  route helpers are shortcuts to write URLs
7. What's the difference between what `_url` and `_path` return when combined with a routes prefix?
  _url generates the full url: www.nytimes.com/index
  _path only generates the path: /index
8. What are strong params and why are they necessary?
  strong params protect our forms from users entering information they shouldn't.
  they only take the specific params from a private helper method instead of from the params given.
9. What role does `form_for` play in helping us create our forms?
  it gives us a template for creating a new model generated by users
10. How does `form_for` know where to submit the user's input?
  through the arguements given in the creation of the form: form_for [@pictures]
11. Create a form using a `form_for` helper to create a new `Horse`.
  form_for @horses do |f|
  f.label :name
  f.textfield :name
12. Why do we want to validate our models?
  any attributes that must be present for the model to exist.
13. What are the steps of the DNS lookup?
  ??

### Review Questions
14. Within a feature test and given the following HTML, write the code necessary to target the following section and check the person's name?

  `<section id="personal-info">
    <h3><%= @person.name%></h3>
   </section>
   
   expect(page).to have_content("#{person.name}")
  `
15. How would you call the method `prance` from within the method `move` on a `Horse` instance?
  ??
  
16. Given the following hash:

```ruby
furniture = {table: {height: 3, color: "red"}, purchased: true}
```
What is the different between how you would return true vs returning 3?  

furniture[:table][:purchased]
furniture[:table][:height]
17. What is inheritance?
the taking of methods from one class to another.

### Self Assessment:
Choose One:

* I was able to answer most questions independently, but utilized outside resources for a few


Choose One:
* I feel overwhelmed by the content presented this week

